<!-- Page: Main Page -->
= Welcome to the Server Wiki =

Welcome to the central knowledge hub for our community server! This wiki collects everything you need to know about the world we share, from day-to-day guidelines to deep dives on advanced gameplay systems. Whether you are brand new or a long-time veteran, you will find curated articles that keep you in the loop and ready for your next session.

__NOTOC__

== Quick Links ==
* [[Server Rules|Server rules and etiquette]]
* [[Getting Started|New player onboarding guide]]
* [[World Map|Interactive world map and points of interest]]
* [[Plugins and Mods|Installed plugins, datapacks, and configuration notes]]
* [[FAQ|Frequently asked questions]]

== Community Spotlight ==
; Featured Build
: Explore the latest community megaproject, learn about the creators, and discover the inspiration behind the design. Add your own build to the [[Build Showcase]] to share screenshots, coordinates, and tips.
; Player of the Week
: Each week we highlight a member who embodies the spirit of the server. Nominate someone on the [[Community Events]] page and celebrate their contributions.

== Server Status & Maintenance ==
* **Current Version:** [[Server Version|1.20.4 Survival]]
* **Scheduled Downtime:** Check [[Maintenance Calendar]] for patch windows, restart schedules, and planned events.
* **Reporting Issues:** Visit [[Support Tickets]] to open a request for staff assistance or bug reporting.

== Guides & Tutorials ==
{| class="wikitable"
! Topic !! Summary !! Start Here
|-
| Survival Basics || Learn how to claim land, protect builds, and access shared resources. || [[Survival Guide]]
|-
| Economy & Trading || Understand shops, currency, and auction commands. || [[Economy Guide]]
|-
| Redstone & Automation || Automation tips tailored to server rules and performance best practices. || [[Redstone Handbook]]
|-
| Creative Plots || Tips for designing, collaborating, and exporting builds. || [[Creative Mode]]
|}

== Recent Updates ==
* '''2024-04-02''' – Spring Update launched with refreshed spawn area, new quest lines, and updated economy balance. See [[Patch Notes/2024-04-02]].
* '''2024-03-18''' – Added anti-griefing enhancements and expanded claim limits. Review the [[Protection Guide]] for details.
* '''2024-03-01''' – Community event calendar now live with automated reminders. Subscribe via [[Community Events#Calendar]].

== Need Help? ==
If you cannot find what you are looking for, ask in the [[Help Desk]] or reach out to staff on the [[Support Tickets|support page]]. You can also join the Discord server linked in the [[Community Portal]] for real-time assistance.

Happy exploring, and thank you for being part of our server family!
